[ADD] Inventory: Shiprocket integration v18 (#18233)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/shipping_receiving/setup_configuration/shiprocket.rst

======================
Shiprocket integration
======================

Set up the Shiprocket delivery connector in Odoo to manage Shiprocket shipments to clients directly
within Odoo.

Shiprocket is an Indian service that allows users to connect with multiple carriers, like Delhivery,

> Blue Dart, DTDC, India Post, Xpressbees, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shiprocket is an Indian service that allows users to connect with multiple carriers, like Delhivery,
Blue Dart, DTDC, India Post, Xpressbees, and more. To manage Shiprocket shipments to clients directly
within Odoo, it must first be configured.
```

Just a suggestion for how to introduce the page. Feel free to use or toss.

To configure it, complete these steps:

#. :ref:`Create a Shiprocket account <inventory/shiprocket/account-setup>`.
#. :ref:`Create an API user <inventory/shiprocket/api-user>`.
#. :ref:`Create a sales channel <inventory/shiprocket/sales-channel>`.
#. :ref:`Enable couriers <inventory/shiprocket/enable-couriers>`.
#. :ref:`Enable the Shiprocket connector in Odoo <inventory/shiprocket/enable>`.
#. :ref:`Configure the delivery method in Odoo <inventory/shiprocket/configure>`.

Upon completion, it is possible to calculate shipping costs based on package size and weight, have
the charges applied directly to a Shiprocket account, and automatically print Shiprocket tracking
labels in Odoo.

.. _inventory/shiprocket/account-setup:

Account setup
=============

To begin, go to the `Shiprocket website <https://app.shiprocket.in/newlogin>`_ to create or log into
the company's Shiprocket account.

> Follow the website's steps to complete registration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the company's Shiprocket account. Follow the website's steps to complete registration.
```

Just feels like it could be one line.

for the user in the :guilabel:`Shiprocket Password` field. Click the :guilabel:`Test Connection`
link.

Select :guilabel:`Pickup Request` to send a pickup request when a delivery order is validated.

Select :guilabel:`Generate Manifest` to generate a shipping manifest and streamline the pickup
process.

Select a :guilabel:`Payment Method`. Select :guilabel:`Prepaid` to pay for labels using Shiprocket
account funds. Select cash on delivery (:guilabel:`COD`) to ensure the receiver pays for the
shipment when they receive it.

.. important::
   For **both** :guilabel:`Payment Method` selections, Shiprocket account funds are deducted.

   If :guilabel:`COD` is selected, the payment collected upon delivery is remitted according to
   Shiprocket's settlement cycle.

In the :guilabel:`Package Type` field, select a package dimension to use for shipments.

To retrieve the list of supported Shiprocket couriers, click the :icon:`fa-refresh` :guilabel:`(Sync
Couriers from Shiprocket)` icon next to the :guilabel:`Shiprocket Couriers` field. Select the
couriers to use in the :guilabel:`Shiprocket Couriers` field. If this field is left blank, Odoo will

> select the first courier based on the :ref:`courier priority <inventory/shiprocket/enable-couriers>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
couriers to use in the :guilabel:`Shiprocket Couriers` field. If this field is left blank, Odoo 
selects the first courier based on the :ref:`courier priority <inventory/shiprocket/enable-couriers>`
```

   :guilabel:`Email` address.
#. **Product weight**: Ensure all products in a delivery order have a specified :guilabel:`Weight`
   in the *Inventory* tab of their product form. Refer to the
   :ref:`inventory/shipping_receiving/configure-weight` documentation for detailed instructions.
#. **Warehouse address**: By default all packages are sent from the specified address in the
   warehouse. Make sure to set the :guilabel:`Address` in the warehouse form.

Generate a Shiprocket label
===========================

When a quotation is created in Odoo, add the Shiprocket shipping method by clicking the
:guilabel:`Add shipping` button.

In the *Add a shipping method* pop-up window, select :guilabel:`Shiprocket` in the
:guilabel:`Shipping Method` field. Calculate the shipping rate by clicking :guilabel:`Get rate`.
Finally, click :guilabel:`Add` to include the cost of shipping to the sales order line, labeled as
the *delivery product*.

.. image:: shiprocket/sales-order.png
   :alt: Add Shiprocket shipping to a sales order.

.. note::
   Automatically calculate shipping costs for Shiprocket in **both** the **Sales** and **eCommerce**

>    applications.

Reviewer: Is this an instruction (be sure to do this) or a warning (the automatically calculated rate will appear in multiple spots)? Feels a little fragmentary currently.

Author: My understanding is that, since we just explained how to do it via an SO, it can also be done in the eCommerce app. I can clarify that when I bring the code down locally.

Then, :guilabel:`Validate` the delivery. Shipping label documents are automatically generated in the
chatter, which includes the following:

- **Shipping labels**, depending on the number of packages
- **Tracking numbers**, if the selected courier supports it

.. image:: shiprocket/validated-delivery.png
   :alt: After the delivery is validated, a label is generated.

.. important::
   If the shipment is too heavy for the Shiprocket service that is configured, the weight is split
   to simulate multiple packages. Products must be put in different packages to validate the
   transfer and generate labels.

Cancellations
-------------

If a delivery order is cancelled in Odoo, it is automatically archived in Shiprocket. However, the

> cancellation will not be sent to the courier itself, so make sure to log in to the courier's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a delivery order is cancelled in Odoo, it is automatically archived in Shiprocket. However,
cancellation notices are not sent to the courier itself, so make sure to log in to the courier's
```
